pull from jianhong/nf-core-hicar to nf-cocre/hicar@dev (#5)
nf-core/hicar: README.md

## Introduction

> **nf-core/hicar** is a bioinformatics best-practice analysis pipeline for [HiC on Accessible Regulatory DNA (HiCAR)](https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.11.02.366062) data, a robust and sensitive assay for simultaneous measurement of chromatin accessibility and cis-regulatory chromatin contacts. Unlike the immunoprecipitation-based methods such as HiChIP, PlAC-seq and ChIA-PET, HiCAR does not need antibody available. HiCAR utilize the Assay of Transposase-Acessible Chromatin to anchor the chromatin interactions. HiCAR is a feasible tool to study the chromatin interactions for low input samples and the samples with no available antibodies.

Author: The paper is in review and the feedback is very positive. :)

> **nf-core/hicar** is a bioinformatics best-practice analysis pipeline for [HiC on Accessible Regulatory DNA (HiCAR)](https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.11.02.366062) data, a robust and sensitive assay for simultaneous measurement of chromatin accessibility and cis-regulatory chromatin contacts. Unlike the immunoprecipitation-based methods such as HiChIP, PlAC-seq and ChIA-PET, HiCAR does not need antibody available. HiCAR utilize the Assay of Transposase-Acessible Chromatin to anchor the chromatin interactions. HiCAR is a feasible tool to study the chromatin interactions for low input samples and the samples with no available antibodies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**nf-core/hicar** is a bioinformatics best-practice analysis pipeline for [HiC on Accessible Regulatory DNA (HiCAR)](https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.11.02.366062) data, a robust and sensitive assay for simultaneous measurement of chromatin accessibility and cis-regulatory chromatin contacts. Unlike the immunoprecipitation-based methods such as HiChIP, PlAC-seq and ChIA-PET, HiCAR does not require antibodies. HiCAR utilizes a Transposase-Accessible Chromatin assay to anchor the chromatin interactions. HiCAR is a tool to study chromatin interactions for low input samples and samples with no available antibodies.
```
Readability suggestion

> **nf-core/hicar** is a bioinformatics best-practice analysis pipeline for [HiC on Accessible Regulatory DNA (HiCAR)](https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.11.02.366062) data, a robust and sensitive assay for simultaneous measurement of chromatin accessibility and cis-regulatory chromatin contacts. Unlike the immunoprecipitation-based methods such as HiChIP, PlAC-seq and ChIA-PET, HiCAR does not need antibody available. HiCAR utilize the Assay of Transposase-Acessible Chromatin to anchor the chromatin interactions. HiCAR is a feasible tool to study the chromatin interactions for low input samples and the samples with no available antibodies.

Reviewer 2: Hooray! 🎉
